hi this is Robin Moses and I'm here with
evil client and we are going to do
butterflies on black so I'm starting
with a black wet and wild and I'm going
to use on this Sally Hansen light number
five it's a high def color and it's
yellow there it's all the colors I'm
using today are going to be very
translucent and so I'm just going to go
in like this
I have a tutorial just to learn how to
do the background for these but I am
doing the whole set right now so I
started with the yellow now I'm going to
go in with the blue oh do I do blue on
that one yeah I did blue blue sorry blue
I did blue second okay the blue is
called midnight of night of Barbados by
sinful very very thin sheer blue see
that's what you want all of your sheer
colors the share colors that you don't
never use because you don't know what to
use them for it get them out now I'm
going in with the Julie G no beach
bonfire I should know this right you
have a client I should know gosh that's
what I was thinking I should know look I
know we don't we don't I don't
understand why my brain does not catch
nail polish names and um it's because I
do so much Franken polishing that I
never have looked at a name in my life
and health YouTube and you guys have
totally been making me study so there's
this and and I think this is the longest
I've gone without mixing a lot of polish
am i right yeah yeah I mix every single
color I use so to keep them just fancy
keep them in their regular package Wow
this is bite a high def by Sally I'm
going to go over all the rest of the
black with the bite and make them purple
beautiful yummy deliciousness
it's going to go like this there's the
part of the butterfly and then I'm going
to put the head in the body like that
okay on these I'm gonna follow the
natural order of the nail polish that I
used and then kind of move them around
kind of like mains and horrible yeah
thank you
scientist my name's looking that's it's
really really pretty I wish I could I
wish I could show you the colors and the
depth of their use and I'm using I hope
it does show up on camera would be nice
because they are really pretty
there's stunners their showstoppers
you're gonna get caught I'm gonna get my
hands grabbed again you're gonna get
grabbed oh well I tell him who deadlines
else I know but they know okay so there
we go
now on this Awan I'm gonna do a full
butterfly and I don't go on YouTube oh
and boom thank you everybody tells that
everybody you see Michael you apply it
helps me you're probably the only client
I have the does that juicy juicy does Oh
juicy toes
okay head dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
body just imagine if I was into all the
Sun Oh Lord no I can barely imagine
I imagine already too much good see in
trouble there's that okay now with dots
I'm going to go in and make like lace
wings
okay okay now I have a red a pink red
polish it's glittery and the and then
another glittery gold polish and this is
very one of the few times I use polish
as part of my painting but I'm going to
fill the butterfly in with the pink like
this and the reason is because it's just
shinier than paint I mean pop paint
maybe I was right pink then I'm going to
use the little gold glitter and you can
use pigment and a clear coat to make
this as well that and then if you get
the paint the polish over you can paint
over the Polish again paint over the
Polish again like this okay and here is
the end result of the what I call this
gosh look at that isn't it so pretty
rainbow glass glitter butterflies there
we go I hope you guys can see let me do
okay anyways I upload every Monday
Wednesday and Friday or at least I try
to so spread the word and try them and
if you do try them show me I'm gonna
have a place to share soon and I'm sorry
about that I don't have one right now
and just thank you guys for your support
and for painting with me and I will see
you back with smart everybody have a
great night bye bye